---
layout: post
title: "Apple Podcasts: GitHub tasks"
tags: project Apple-Podcast tasks github
categories: 
---

## overview of GitHub Tasks

Let's focus specifically on these tasks and investigate details.

- [ ] publish
  - [ ] code
    - [ ] github repo
  - [ ] docs
    - [ ] github pages using same repo
    - [ ] README in root level of same repo with links to github pages

## mine and yours
As usual, I'll work in repl.it as a dev environment, but also I want users to be able to use this repo in repl.it easily.

As a result I need to balance my needs against what other users need.

I will need some libraries and helper scripts to make some work get done.

Users will my stuff hidden away and direct access to the stuff they care about.

## checklist

I need these elements:

- [ ] `README.md`   
index of most important information for all users  
Need to include several badges for linking user to actions (repl.it, hack.md, gitter)
- [ ] `.gitignore`   
hide files imported into the environment or generated by utilities
- [ ] `.replit`  
make it very simple to spin up a repl.it environment based on my project's github repo
- [ ] `run.sh`  
using a repl of the `bash` type, run this script when repl is loaded or "run" button pushed.  
For the sake of users, this needs to be the eponymous utility
- [ ] `boot.sh`  
a script to load any and all necessary utilities.   
Utilities can be loaded by `UPM` (repl.it's utility) or by cloning an auxilary github repo.
- [ ] `/docs` (directory)  
home of documentation, will be used by GitHub pages to generate a simple website.  
`README.md` should link to this website for verbose documentation.  
No journal (or "posts") on this site, just static pages.   
All template related files and Jekyll config related files will be stored in `/docs` in the repo.

## `boot.sh`

* `github-pages` ruby package
* custom scripts & files for configuration (use a different github repo as source?)
* scripts to execute Jekyll build  
(both with and without Jekyll local web server)

## branches

Everything should go into `main` branch